---
layout: page
title: February Week 5
---

March 04 - March 09<br>
Week#: 10/52<br>

## Monday

Starting at 08:00AM

- 08:00AM - Working on issue #411 - add shortcut to copy a component in Modular Design page.
- 10:38AM - Switched context to rebase PRs #370, #369, #208
- 12:49PM - Got on call to merge the PRs or work them out.
- 02:00PM - Got off call after discussion and merges.
- 04:40PM - Pushed off the changes for the PR that includes PR #370, #369, and #208 ( Db migration).
- 05:00PM - Shifting back to #411.
- 06:00PM - Polishing up the log and preping for the Review meet.

## Tuesday

Starting at 08:00AM

- 08:00AM - Going through issues to get some context over them.
- 09:49AM - Starting issue #403 - Add woodworks to Layout search bar.
- 11:39AM - Done with #403 - will make the PR now.
- 11:48AM - Got on meet to work on PRs and try to merge or review them. (PR #370, PR #369, PR #208).
- 01:18PM - Got off call after discussing them (PR #208) - took some time since it's a feature PR.
- 02:00PM - Will work on the PR changes and submit them as well as make the PR for adding woodworks inside the Search Bar.

## Wednesday

Starting at 7:30AM

- 07:30AM - I have an idea about issue #319 -Improve Search Recommendation Ordering
- 08:30AM - Saw comments on PR #369 - will make those changes and switch to another issue later.
- 09:50AM - issue #389 - woodworks don't refresh.
- 11:10AM - I've worked it out, and tested it. Posted the solution outline on the issue itself - if Ab approves we move forward with it.
- 11:30AM - Started with issue #446 - Material Preview size issue.
- 03:05PM - I've overworked the issue since it had many glitches of it's own - this was not planned. The overral structure of the Material preview seems wrong. It shouldn't have been absolute in the first place since that reduces the overral responsiveness. Trying to get the right CSS has been really pain staking so now I'll switch to some other issue - an unshaped one and try to figure it out.
- 03:17PM -  Trying to workout issue #198
- 05:17PM - Added an outline implementation with a possible flow for the issue. I'll try and get Ab's view over them so that I can proceed with it or make some other change.

## Thursday

Starting at 8:00AM

- 08:00AM - I'll make some changes to PR #208 - Export Profile.
- 10:00AM - Working on issue #449 - Making the Decor gallery working: I'll make the changes and cross check with what is going on.
- 12:00AM - I've made some changes, committed and facing a mini blocker. Working out in this issue also gave me an idea about the issue #
- 03:31PM - Got on call with Ab - to try and merge PRs as well as discuss an outline of the issues.
- 04:32PM - Got off call with Ab.

## Friday

Travelling